# FIXME Improvement Name

*Note: this is not intended to be a complete planning document. It is
intended to be a worksheet to help you think through the improvement.
Please adapt it and pull from it as you see fit, and as appropriate
for your culture and situation.*

## Where are we going? 

*This section defines when the improvement is complete. When the
problem is addressed and the purpose/vision is achieved according to
the principles, (this round of) the improvement is complete.*

### Problem Statement

*What is the current problem?*

### Purpose

*What is the core purpose/goal of this improvement? What are the "core
few things" that must be done?*

* FIXME

### Principles

*What principles should be kept in mind as this improvement goes
forward? e.g. "engage everyone's brain on the problems affecting their
area," "maintain or improve security." If it's helpful, you can think
of these as the key non-functional requirements.*

* FIXME

### Vision of Wild Success

*As specifically as you can, what does the world look like when this
improvement is complete? Tell this as a story. "I walk into work
and..." "X meeting occurs and people do..."*

## Context

### Stakeholder identification


| Stakeholder | Impact | Power dynamics | Incentives at play |
|-------------|--------|----------------|--------------------|
|             |        |                |                    |

*"Stakeholder" could be teams, roles, or people's names. "Impact" is
how the improvement might affect the stakeholder. "Power dynamics" are
the explicit or implicit power that this stakeholder has over the
improvement. "Incentives at play" are for any incentives for this
stakeholder related to the improvement.*

### Inter-process dependencies


| Related process | Effects to | Effects from |
|-----------------|------------|--------------|
|                 |            |              |

*For each related processes, how does this improvement affect that
process? How does that process affect this improvement?*

### Organizational analysis

#### What is the organization's tolerance for change?

#### Is the organization in a place to understand this change?

*For example, are there prerequisites such as an understanding of
incident management?*

#### Would a revolutionary" or an "evolutionary" change be a better fit for this change?

## Your Job

### Core Mental Models

*What are the core mental models (or ways of thinking) that need to be shared by stakeholders for this improvement to be successful?*

### Negotiate with stakeholders

*Understand them and get more value on the table.*

### Opportunities for quick wins

*...as learned by conversations and stakeholder analysis:*

* FIXME

### Guiding coalition

*Who should be the core guiding coalition, per Kotter's model? This
should include people who care about the improvement, even/especially
if they are not in favor of it. Ideal group size is 7 +/- 2.*

* FIXME

### Things to patch together

*What may need to be done temporarily to support this change?*

* FIXME

## Implementing the Improvement

### Feedback loops

*How can your process learn from itself? Is there an opportunity for
post-implementation reviews, reports on process performance, or other
useful feedback to improve process performance?*

### Communications plan

*If you do not have a more formal communications plan, here is a simple
template:*

| Stakeholder(s) | Timing | Communications channel | Owner | Notes |
|----------------|--------|------------------------|-------|-------|
|                |        |                        |       |       |

*"Timing" is when and/or at what frequency the communication should be
sent. "Communications channel" is the mode of communication, e.g.
e-mail or in-person meetings. "Owner" is the person who's going to
ensure the communications occurs.*

### Proof of concept

*What will serve as the proof of concept?*

### What value can the improvement deliver each week?

* Week 1:
* Week 2:
* Week 3:
* Week 4:
* ...

### Anticipated pains

*What pain will this improvement introduce? For example, change
management may introduce the pain of needing release management. The
goal is certainly not to create unnecessary pain, but all improvement
brings further opportunities for improvement.*

| Possible pain | Possible remedy |
|---------------|-----------------|
|               |                 |

*Note: you do not need to remedy these yourself. You can help
people understand how to remedy these pains.*
